If you don't create these three videos
after seeing what I just showed you,
you're making an outward statement to
the [music] world that you just gave up
on building a personal brand.
Hola, Mr. business owner. Let's cut the
[__] I go viral a lot. More
specifically, I have not had a video
that's gotten less than 100,000 views in
963 days. And even if you look at that
video, you'll see that it still has
97,000 [music] views. Now, that said,
after hearing that, you might be
thinking, "Well, this kid is
ridiculously handsome, [music] clearly a
genius, and grew up in the social media
era." And maybe that discourages you,
but it shouldn't because you don't need
to be up here with the Brad Pitts in
looks or Einstein in IQ. All you need is
a viral structure.
When we're first starting with a
business owner and they just aren't
getting the views that they want, it's
nine times out of 10 not because their
information is [__] It's just the way
that they structure that information is
[__] So, today in this 15-minute video,
I'll be walking you through three viral
video structures that are murdering
right now inside of my highest-level
program, Nexus. And by the end of this,
you will have three viral scripts for
you to record and profit from. So, I
recorded that intro maybe like five
months ago to this video, and I forgot
to make it. That [music] said, I just
thought about it a couple days ago, and
I was like, "That's a valuable [__]
video." So, here we are. So, we're going
to go through the three videos that
we're going to do here. Genuinely, um
these take maybe upwards of 10 hours to
make. And then, of course, [music]
with myself, I mean, I've been scripting
for the past 3 years, probably around
at the minimum 4 hours a day, I would
say on average. So, these are done to an
extremely high quality, and [music] this
is not something that you just watch and
like, "Oh, okay, cool. I'm going to, you
know, just learn and, you know, follow
along." Well, you will be following
along. I would highly recommend that you
don't look at this video and think, "Oh,
okay. I'm going to watch this video.
It'll be mental masturbation. [music]
Cool. I'll learn a couple things on the
scripting, and I'll go about my day." I
highly recommend you sit here, and you
take the hour, I [music] would say it's
going to take realistically, to script
out these three videos cuz these three
videos are coming from the best
performing [music]
templates inside of my high school
program Nexus that's been proven to work
time and time again. So, if you haven't
already, basically in the second link in
the description, there'll [music] be a
link to the three videos that we're
going to cover today. Go and click that
link. I'm going to ask for a [__]
email. Type in your email. And then
you'll get the templates [music] sent
over to your email. Grab that link. Go
and open that bad boy up and then follow
along as we go through. That said, we're
going to start off strong with this
video [music]
which is called the tier list bridge
template. All right. So, for this video
in particular, this is the script that I
actually wrote for Cody Sanchez. If you
look at her account, this is the most
commented on video Cody's ever posted
ever. If you guys don't know Cody,
Cody's a big creator. She's made a bunch
of videos previously and has almost
100,000 comments.
If this is not something that is like,
"Holy [__] I need to make this right
now." I don't know what it is. Now, the
way that we're going to run through this
is here, I want you guys through the
template just so you understand what's
going on. So, at the top here, you have
the overview. You have the video which
will play in a second. You have the
summary of the template. You have the
uh actual original script here following
the structure that we're going to cover.
And then from there, it's just basically
step-by-step, "Hey, here's the
structure. Here's the framework you
follow. Here's an explanation of that
framework." And then here's multiple
other examples in different niches that
you can look at and say, "Okay, cool. I
see the template. I see the structure
I'm supposed to follow. Let me look at
the patterns and see the pattern
recognition of what I should be doing."
So, we have not only the actual example
of Cody's video, but we also have the
multiple other examples in different
niches that we've written out which are
full-fleshed scripts that you can look
at. All that said, I don't want this
video to be 2 hours long, so let's go
ahead and take a look at the video.
Which business ideas are most likely to
make you a millionaire? I have a [music]
tiered list. The last one might be
gross, but I do think it makes a lot of
people rich. Let's start with drop
shipping [music] at the bottom. It
sounds too easy, it probably is. Shopify
says 90% of these fail within the first
[music] month. So, that is an F tier.
Then we go to clothing brands. Everyone
and their barista has a clothing brand
and like there's a reason they're still
making your lattes. Margins razor thin,
you're competing with billion-dollar
[music] brands and things go out of
style just as fast as these businesses
go out of business. [music] Then we got
D tier, tree trimming. This is where
things start looking up. Why? Because
you know what doesn't go out of style?
[music] Gravity. Trees fall, storms hit,
homeowners pay big money to make it
somebody else's problem. So one
emergency job, you're looking at 40%
plus margins. Seasonal, recurring,
overlooked. Now let's go up [music] to
the next tier, which is where trash is
literally turned into treasure. Waste
removal. It's simple, [music] you drop
the trash bin, pick it up, repeat. You
can charge 100 to 400 bucks per rental
and one truck can run multiple loads a
day. A guy I know in Texas actually
rents [music] out two bins with one
driver, him, and brings in 600k a year.
Best part, most contracts come from
construction companies or cities. So not
a bunch of ads, funnels, chasing
clients, you just pick up [music] the
phone. The millionaires I know aren't
trying to go viral. They're buying
businesses that cash flow on autopilot.
You don't need to be a genius, you need
ownership. I put together like a full
[music] list of my tiered businesses. If
you want the blueprint, comment more and
I'll send it to you. Beautiful.
All right, let's break it down.
So [snorts]
in the intro she says, "Which business
ideas are most likely to make you a
millionaire? I have a tier list." So the
framework of this hook is simply going
to be which tools  methods will
get you desirable results? I have a tier
list. So what you want to do is you want
to ask a question using the language of
your ideal clients or what they would
actually naturally use. So everything
about business owner, not business
owner. So everything about
nine-to-fivers that
>> [laughter]
>> uh want to start a business. First thing
that they feel is that they need is a
business idea. And then what's their
goal? It's probably to become a
millionaire.
So that's what we did within the hook.
And then from there
um it must be short. Don't make it too
long or people are going to scroll. And
then immediately, like as soon like as
fast as you humanly can, get out of that
question. And then from there, show
visually on the screen the tier list.
So let me show you a couple of different
examples. If you're in AI automation,
which AI tools will make you rich? I
have a tier list. Longevity, if you're
selling um how to live if you're Bryan
Johnson, what supplements will help you
live to 120? I have a tier list. Or if
you're dating, if you're a dating coach,
which first date ideas will get you a
second date? I have a tier list. And
then once you pose the question in the
viewer's mind around cool, what are the
best things to get my results? And then
you being the authority over tier list,
you don't move directly into the tier
list. What you want to do is you want to
do it what's called a damaging
admission.
So what a damaging admission means is
that you basically say a negative and
then you put a butt to negate that
negative and then you add the positive.
That way your positive seems more
believable. So if I was just like
If I told you that I don't have a big
penis, but
I am one of the best in the world at
writing scripts. I am now admitting to
you a negative about myself, which makes
it more likely or more believable
whenever I make my positive since I made
an admission to you. So in this video
she said the last one might be gross,
but it does make a lot of people rich.
Now whenever it comes down to the
damaging admission, don't do what I did
to where the damaging admission was
completely irrelevant. What you want to
do is you want to choose a negative that
is seen as a negative. You don't want it
to feel like you're using a tactic on
the viewer, but it also must actually be
seen as a negative, but your viewer
might not care all that much. So
for me personally, if it comes down to
making money and something is gross, as
long as it's ethical and moral and I
believe in it, I don't give a [__] I'm
trying to make money. And I would
imagine that's how a lot of our idle
clients feel as well. So even though it
was a negative by being gross, it wasn't
an off-putter to where people still want
to listen. And then whenever she made
the claim of Where's it at? Whenever she
made the claim of it does make a lot of
people rich, it now makes that claim
more believable. And then after you make
that damaging admission, then you begin
your tier list. Now how you actually
begin your tier list
does matter and it must be strategic. So
we do F tier, E tier, D tier, and then C
tier. And the reason why we don't do A A
and S is something we'll get to in a
second, but in the F tier, what I want
you to do is want you to choose the most
popular tool  method that's a
majority of ideal clients already know,
but most importantly overrate. So, for
example, for Cody,
drop shipping when you think about like
making money online, drop shipping is
like the OG. It's what everyone thinks
about. So, it is the most overrated It's
the most overrated option that you could
have named that's all of our ideal
clients already know about. So, we chose
that one to go first. So, she said,
"Let's start off with drop shipping at
the bottom. [__] F tier."
So, you just go ahead and state what the
tier is for whatever the tool
method is, and then directly after that,
give a no longer than one to two
sentence explanation to justify why that
method  tool is an F tier.
Try to make it as objective and logical
as possible to where they're to where
they're like, "Oh, yeah, that makes
sense." So, for her, she's like, "If it
sounds too easy, it probably is."
Shopify says 90% of these fail within
the first month.
So, she's extremely like It's logical.
Everyone's heard that before, but then
also on top of that, she backs it up
with an objective statement, which is
Shopify, well-known authority, gave
stats around why it sucks. Cool, you
believe her now, and then you move on.
For one more examples, you can check
that out. E tier, same structure.
Basically, as you go through the tiers,
it's the same structure every single
time. Choose another option that your
ideal clients overrate, and then
basically just go over why it's bad. So,
then you have clothing brands in E tier,
also an extremely popular online
business ordeal, and she goes on to
again giving that logical reasoning
around everyone and their barista has a
clothing brand, and they're still the
reason why she's making on why they're
making your lattes.
And then you go into the objectiveness.
Margins are razor thin. You're competing
with billion-dollar brands, and things
go out of style just as fast at the as
these businesses go out of business.
I'm an amazing script writer. Anyways,
do that for E tier, D tier.
Similar thing, however, D tier like F
and E tier need to be [__] D tier is
where things start to look up.
So, in this you just give it insights.
Well, you name it. So, D tier tree
trimming.
This obviously is more in line with
Cody's brand cuz she teaches people how
to build boring businesses and online
businesses. So, the
like the actual good option is tree
trimming. This is where she says, "This
is where things start looking up. Why?
Because you know what doesn't go out of
style on gravity." Logical.
And then uh she adds a second sentence.
Again, I would like you guys to keep it
to one to two lines max. I just thought
this was a really good line, so I added
it. And then the insights, which is the
more objective side. So, one emergency
job, you're looking at a 40% percent
plus margin, seasonal, recurring,
overlooked. C tier, this is going to be
whatever your S tier is pretty much.
Like, you want to make it to where your
D D and
your D tier and C tier are basically
like your A and S tiers.
So, then she goes over this, waste
removal, same thing we talked about
previously. It's simple, you just do
this. It's really easy.
Gives an insight. Again, I prefer you
guys keep it to two lines max.
And then the best part, most contracts
come from construction companies or
cities, so not a bunch of ads from those
chasing clients. You just pick up the
phone.
It sounds pretty good, right?
Now, the reason on why we did this the
way that we did it, to where you're
looking at E tier, well, basically F
tier, E tier, D tier, and C tier is
because
there is an assumption that you're going
to go on to talk about B, A, and S tier,
but you're not because you want people
to comment for B, A, and S tier. And by
making C tier and D tier look really
good because those are meant to be your
good options, now people are really
curious about, "Well, [__] if those are
the options of
I keep on forgetting which tier I'm on.
If those are the options on of D and C
tier, what is
B, A, and S tier look like? And then you
make them comment for it. So,
you follow this framework, I put
together a list of my tiered tool slash
methods. If you want the resource,
you're going to name the resource,
comment word and I'll send it to you.
So, for example, if you look at this,
I put together a full list of my tiered
businesses. If you want the blueprint,
comment board and I'll send it to you.
Badabing badaboom badabam, next thing
you know, damn near almost 100,000
comments and 100,000 leads that she now
can go pursue and close. Now, imagine
what that would do to your business. If
you had 100,000 people comment on your
video, consume a free lead magnet and
then give you their email, plus phone
number, plus you have they send you a
message because now now now the
conversation is open in the DMs. This is
beautiful.
And then badabing badaboom badabam, you
got a viral video and you got a [__] ton
of leads.
Now, one thing I didn't mention
previously is that if you scroll up
here, you'll find
uh script direction. So, I should scroll
for our script direction. What I
recommend you doing is I recommend you
copying this over, oh no, copying this
over onto your own page and then from
there, just basically following the
script framework. So, if you look here
on the second tab, this basically just
gives you the script framework to
follow. And then we also give you visual
direction. So, at the top, you got a
video here from a guy named Prodigy
who'll run you through basically what to
do for all the visuals of the video. And
this literally cannot be easier. This is
practically breastfeeding for viral
videos.
So, what I recommend you doing now is I
recommend you pause this video right now
and like I mentioned, don't just mental
mentally masturbate to this information.
Sit down, write the script, and then
unpause the video whenever you're done,
and then we'll move on to the next video
template. All right, hopefully you're
watching this video and going, "Holy
[__] this is this is insane." And
you're finding value in these video
templates. And if you are finding value
in these video templates so far and
you're thinking to yourself, "How can I
get more?" Well, they all came from
Nexus, which is my highest level
program, where there's a constantly
updated library of templates just like
these, [music] and that's only one small
part of what we offer. Now, if you're
accepted into Nexus, then I'll work with
you directly to build a tailored content
strategy for you to follow, just hand
you [music] our predictable viral system
for creating quality content, targeting
your customers, and [music] even help
staff your own in-house content team. It
is the exact blueprint that's allowed me
to scale my [music] own business to
multiple seven figures, and it's worked
for over 100 different business owners
as well. Now, all that said, we're
extremely hands-on, so we can't work
with everyone, but if your online
business makes over 20k per month or
more, and you're interested in seeing
what our system could look like inside
of your business,
>> [music]
>> then feel free to click on the first
link in the description to learn more.
All right, so now that you have viral
video number one scripting, let's move
on to number two, never ever ever. So,
this is a video from Josh, uh
also a video I helped script.
Uh Josh Lyons is a sales coach, this
video got 1.4 million views, so I think
this might be his highest viewed video
ever, and it's an amazing video. So,
let's go and take a look. Never ever
ever ever send a client a link to pay.
After you send the link, they start
thinking about what can go wrong, and
next thing you know, you're here,
"I need to think about it." Instead, you
close this deal right then and there.
This is how. After you drop the price,
answered any questions, and then handled
any concerns, ask the prospect this, "Do
you want to put that on Visa,
MasterCard, Amex, or Discover?" Cool.
Notice to how I said it, "Cool." Not
"Cool!" and not "Great!" Don't be
excited like you're popping your sales
virginity. It's [music] just a sale, no
big deal. Next, say this, "I have your
email as Josh Lyons at
unicorncloser.com.
Is that correct?" Got it. Now, pause for
two to three seconds. This shows you're
not eager, you're not rushing, and
you're not needing the [__] sale.
Finally, say this, "Cool.
>> [music]
>> So, whenever you're ready, what is the
16-digit card number?" Then just sit
there in silence for a couple seconds,
and like magic, if you had this cool,
chill energy, they'll start reading out
the 16-digit card number,
and you just made a sale. Save this
video, practice it a few times, and go
make some [__] money. Beautiful.
That's a beautiful video. We've had many
people inside NextLevel get a [__] ton
of views with this. So, let's go over
the template.
All right. So, this template in
particular is broken down into 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 parts. So, first things first with
the hook, never ever ever I've used this
hook multiple times. This hook just
works. Use it. The framework is never
ever ever ever do common action. So, for
Josh's video, the common action
One thing that's important to note is
whenever you name that common action, it
must be an action that the viewer is
either taking currently or could see
themselves taking in their mind. To
where if you over exaggerate the
mistake, or it doesn't sound like a
mistake the viewer would actually take,
they're not going to be glued. But, if I
were to say, "Hey, never ever do this
thing, and you're doing this thing," and
then I'll tell you it's leading to a bad
outcome, all of the sudden you are glued
to the screen. And that's what we want
to do with this hook.
So, to give you a couple more examples,
in fitness,
you know, obviously I'm a big guy, you
know what I mean? So, obviously I'm in
fitness, and I know, and if you're in
fitness, you know, like the the general
understanding of what you should do
whenever you get to the gym is do three
sets of 10 or three sets of 12. So, in
fitness, we want to call out the mistake
that the viewer is either currently
making or could see themselves making.
So, never ever do sets never ever do
three sets of 12. Or for content,
for me specifically,
uh if you watch con- like if you watch
content marketers on NextLevel, they
always tell you to post your peak time.
I think it's horse [__] You should not
post your peak time. Not a conversation
for now, though. Either way, that's a
mistake that my ideal clients make, and
I or where they could see themselves
making. So, that's another example. Real
estate could be never ever ever
negotiate a deal over email. And then
tax strategies, if you're like a tax
strategist for example in your I don't
know Carson Dennis, you could say
something along the lines of never ever
ever ever There's too many evers.
Pay for a family vacation with your
personal income. And then from there,
once the viewer hears, "Oh, [__] I'm
doing that." All of the sudden they're
like, "Okay, why?" And that's exactly
what you're going to answer on the next
side of this template. So then once
you've told them what not to do, you
must tell them why they should not do
it. So tell them the consequence of that
mistake.
So, you can either say when or after
you do
common action, the mistake.
Tell them the result of what happens
directly after that. So for example, in
Josh's example, after you send the link,
they start thinking about what can go
wrong. And then all of the sudden, you
now frame the consequence. So, after
you do common action, that's the
mistake,
this is the result of what happens. They
start thinking about what can go wrong.
And then you go over next thing. So,
next thing you know, and then you give a
specific painful experience that they
either could see themselves, like they
could see themselves experiencing or
they are experiencing because they're
currently making the mistake. So in
Josh's example, in Oh wait no, here. The
The next thing you know, you hear, "I
need to think about it." Which if you
run a business, we can all relate to.
All of the sudden, as soon as you nail
this, and again you have to [__] nail
this,
you have to know your ideal client
extremely well to pull this off, but if
you can pull this off, the clients will
not scroll. To where all you have to do
from here is frame that, "Hey, here's
the wrong way to do it. Here's what
happens if you do it." And then from
there, they're now ears open about,
"Well, what's the better way to do it?"
So then you say, "Instead, you get
desirable income. And this is how." Oh,
outcome. "And this is how." So in Josh's
example, "Instead, you close this deal
right then and there, and then this is
how."
And then whenever you do this, just
ensure that the desirable outcome is in
contrast with the negative outcome that
you stated whenever you said, "Don't
make this mistake because this negative
will happen." Try to make it to where
there's a like
there's a clear contrast in between
negative and positive.
So, to give you examples of that of what
the positive could like, let's say for
example we're saying, "Never ever ever
do three sets of 12."
And then you go on to say, "Hey,
whenever you do this, basically you're
not going to failure blah blah blah blah
blah." And instead, you can make twice
the gains with just two sets. This is
how.
Or for content, you should never ever
post at your peak time, because whenever
you post at your peak time, because if
your followers are on at this peak time,
by definition if you post at that time,
the only thing that's going to go down
on that graph is going to be
basically the follower activity, to
where why would you post at your peak
time, because your followers are about
to log off. Instead, you should post
right before your peak time. That way
you get your video shown whenever all
your followers are on, and you post on
the upward trajectory and not the
downward trajectory. So, in the content
example, which is actually a video that
I made, after you post at your peak
time, your followers are starting to log
off. Next thing you know, you watch the
video you spent hours on get [__] views.
Instead, you post when your video will
be shown to all of your followers. And
this is how.
And then from there on out, you have
uh basically said, "Hey, you're doing it
an inferior way. Here's the superior
way." You just go ahead and explain to
them what the superior way is. Now, for
this portion, of course it's going to be
like context dependent.
You just need to go through and give
them the correct action, and show that
it's actually good information, cuz it's
going to be If it's not good
information, then they're just going to
[__] scroll. And then, once they go
through the good information, they now
know what to do in comparison to what
not to do. You make the promise that
if they take the actions that you tell
them to do, it'll be worth it, and that
it actually is superior.
So, for example, in like magic, as long
as you did the actions correctly, as in
you they did what you told them to do,
then a specific desirable experience
happens. So, for example,
in like magic, as long as you had this
cool chill energy, they'll start reading
out the 16-digit card number, and you
just made a sale.
And then at the end uh
you could go for a minute shout CTA in
general, especially with the members
inside Nexus.
It never really feels like it's natural.
So, the next best thing is to get them
to save the video. Well, next best thing
is to get them to share the video, but
that one doesn't really make sense. So,
next best thing after that is to save
the video. So, you say, "Save this video
for reason." It's important that you
give them a reason, because whenever you
ask a viewer to take an action, it
always needs to be framed in their
benefit. And then you say, "And go get
the results that you promised." So, for
Josh, "Save this video, practice it a
few times, and then go make some [__]
money." And then bada bing, bada boom,
bada bam, you have a viral video that
people are saving, and they're going to
truly look at you as the authority. And
they're going to truly look at you like
you just helped them, because you
basically said, "Hey, you're currently
making this mistake.
Here is why this is a mistake, and
here's what you're currently
experiencing." And as long Again, as
long as you nail that, it's like, "Holy
[__] this guy This guy knows his [__]
This guy knows me."
And then you go on to give them what to
do instead. And as long as that
information is good, and they see it as
good, and they could see it working for
them, and you could promise that it will
work for them to the where they're just
like, "Holy [__] this is great. I love
this guy." And then you tell them to
save it, because again, it's beneficial.
It's a solution for them. It's going to
get them to the desired outcome. And you
framed it in their benefit, so of course
they're going to save it. And now you
have a viral video on your hands. So,
like I mentioned, there's different
script examples below here. I'd highly
recommend you go through this, look at
the examples, see what you can see the
patterns in between. And then from
there, I mean, this is going to be the
best performing video that you'll make
of 2026. So, scroll up here, go to
script direction, follow the script
direction, make the [__] script. This
will be a really, really good performer
for you. However, arguably not better
than the third template, which we'll get
to in a second. But right now, pause the
video, make the script, unpause whenever
you're done. All right. And then we got
the third video template, the Bard
interest system. So, let me take this
[__] off. It's getting hot. So, this
video comes from or this video template
is inspired off of a video from BBC, the
big branded car guy,
unk if you will.
And
yeah, this video got [clears throat] 2.5
billion views. It's a great video.
People have gotten amazing results from
using this on Side Nexus. And I think
this is going to be on par with the
second one whenever it comes down to
just getting a [__] ton of views if you
do end up making it. So, let's take a
look.
You never want to be broke. Here's why
you should have five bank accounts. This
is a system that I developed. It's based
off a book called Profit First. One of
the accounts is where all your money
comes in. If you have multiple jobs or
different sources of incomes, everything
gets deposited in this one account.
There are no automatic charges, no debit
cards associated with it. It's only
reason is to collect the money. You're
going to disperse the money in those
accounts amongst the other four
accounts. Account number one is your
investment account. This is the most
important one. This is the one that's
going to lift your ass out of poverty.
50% of your income goes into this
investment account. Only use that money
on things that will make you more money.
The next account, operations account.
All your living expenses. 30% of your
income goes there. I can't live off 30%
of my income.
>> That's why you got to make more money.
Next account, taxes. You're going to pay
your taxes out of this account. 15% of
your income should go there. And then,
5% goes into the baller account. This is
what you're going to use on just fun
stuff. And that's why you need five bank
accounts. Beautiful.
All right. So, this one is one of the
easier ones to create. So, I've got a
strict direction. There's only four
different parts. So, first things first,
introduce the unique fix to
a yeah, an undesirable outcome. And then
from there, you borrow the credibility
from something that is more credible
than yourself and where you pull the
system from or the solution from.
Go over step-by-step.
Yeah, go over step-by-step on how to
implement that subsystem. Then from
there, you tie it all together with the
key takeaway.
So, for this one in particular,
for the framework, if you never want to
be in undesirable state, that should be
in the undesirable state to reviewer.
Here's why you should use unique
strategy. Now, whenever you do this, the
important thing is is that it is a
unique fix. Therefore, when the
reviewers hear it, it should not be
something that they think is
They shouldn't feel like they already
know the answer. So, for Brennan
Carter's example, if you look here, it
says, "If you never want to be broke,
here's why you should have five bank
accounts." Whenever you think about the
concept of having five bank accounts,
that's not something that everyone has.
Like, that's not normal. That's a unique
solution that they most likely never
heard of before. And that's what's
really going to grab their attention.
So, you do last inversion at the
beginning about saying, "If you don't
ever want to be what you don't want to
be, cool, you need this unique solution
that they don't currently have." And
that's the important part of this hook
framework. So, to show you some more
examples, you have
"If you never want to run out of
customers, here's why you should make 10
copies of the same ad." In fitness, "If
you never want to be fat, here's why you
should only eat three foods." Then
productivity, "If you never want to burn
out, here's why you should take three
different drugs."
Then once you've introduced your unique
fix, you can go on to borrow and credit
building.
So, it's a unique It can be system,
method, doesn't really matter, just a
unique solution and something that you
can like something like a thinky you can
thinkify. And then you can say that you
developed it off of a credible source,
preferably that source being more
credible than you or more well-known
than yourself.
So, for
Brennan Carter, he says, "This is the
system I developed based off of a book
called Profit First."
This one is a little bit tricky. It
doesn't have to be off of a book, it
could be literally off of anything. So,
to show you a couple of examples of what
that could look like,
for an ads agency, let's say you said,
"If you never want to run out of
customers, here's why you should make 10
copies of the same ad." You can say,
"It's a strategy that's I developed
based off Alex Hormozi's ad account."
Now, Alex Hormozi is probably a more
credible source than the ad creator
that's making this video. Therefore, the
viewer is going to be even more bought
in to hearing the information. For
fitness, it's a rapid fat loss method I
developed based off this research paper
on the best foods to weight loss. That's
a third-party source, which is
objective, therefore it's more credible
than the creator. Or for productivity,
it's a protocol I developed based off a
book called Superbrain, which was
written by Elon Musk's productivity
coach. Elon Musk, more credible and more
well-known source than most likely
definitely than whatever creator is
making this, therefore the viewer is now
bought in to saying, "Well, okay, cool.
If Elon Musk uses this, it's good enough
for me."
And then they'll go ahead and move on to
listening to your step-by-step. Now, for
this one,
obviously this one's context-dependent
and depends on the information you give.
So, there's no like true framework. You
just want to try to keep this portion of
the video to be again a step-by-step
process and try to make it not too long.
Preferably, it would be three steps. It
should be anywhere between three and
five, no less, no more.
And then try to make each step within
one to three lines. I prefer it to be
two lines if you had to average it out.
And then make sure that your video
follows the trinity of value.
So, this is a link to another video of
mine. It's a YouTube video. I don't
know, this goes to the school. I'll swap
this out for a YouTube video that I
posted around this. It just goes over
how to make a valuable video and how to
make a valuable actionable video.
So, map this out. Again, the information
must be good, and as long as it is good,
they'll continue to watch after they've
already bought into watching your video
because again, you're presenting a
unique fix that's credible.
So, as long as it's good, they'll make
it to the end, and then after the key
takeaway, you just want to make them
understand what they got out of your
video and go, "Holy [__] I love this
guy. That made sense, and this is also a
good way to end off the video." So, and
that's why you need to use unique
strategy, whatever that is.
Put some nice little bow on the video,
beautiful, and the viewers are sitting
there going, "Holy [__]
this guy's video is so good. If this is
his free content, I wonder what his paid
content looks like.
And then all of the sudden, you now have
a viewer that may not buy from you on
that video, but if they continue to
watch your content, and if you continue
to make videos like this, they
definitely will buy from you at some
point. And that is the borrowed interest
system.
So, before I go over my free gift for
you,
which I'll give you in a second, what I
want you to do is I want you to go and
pause this video. Again, go to script
framework, and then from there,
write out your script, and then end this
video off with three viral scripts you
can go record directly after you leave
this video after I give you my gift.
That said, pause, go script. Well, look
you there. You now have three viral
videos that I promise will be your
highest performing content you've ever
created, and not just in terms of views,
but actually attracting attention from
your ideal clients. It's still not
enough to build your entire business
long-term. It is a continuous process of
needing to make good videos, and not to
mention having the organic funnel set up
on the back end to convert all of your
new attention into paying clients. So,
from here, you have two options. Option
one, if you want to just keep binging
some free content, then I suggest this
video on the screen at the top right.
Or, option two, if you're the type of
person who doesn't want to waste time
going through all of the trial and error
by yourself, and just want a proven
system for you to follow, then feel free
to click on the first link below to see
what Nexus could do for you and your
business.